Ferd Homenick is a dealer in illicit drugs.  He is single as he is a serial cheater and not many of his girlfriends can put up with his behaviour.  At the age of 53, he still acts as though he's in his twenties. He's very vain and shallow and his main objective in life is making more money.  He uses younger people to distribute the drugs and always manages to escape a jail sentence by bribing his street dealers.  Sometimes he attends parties for rich people personally but otherwise, he keeps a low profile.  Ferd Homenick is a pseudonym.  Not many people know his real name. He is not from Belgium, but he is from France. He went to Belgium to re-invent himself when he was placed on a wanted list for his involvement with a crooked politician and a prostitute.  He has had plastic surgery to change his facial features and spends a lot of his time in the gym weight-lifting.  He also has a year-round sun-tan which usually comes out of a bottle as he prides himself on looking young for his age and doesn't want to age his skin in the sun or use sunbeds. He particularly likes to date women under twenty-seven and never dates anyone under this age bracket.  Desipite his failings he always sends money to his elderly mother and calls her once a week on a Sunday.  He makes out that he has a wife and family when in truth he is divorced and hasn't seen his children for the past twenty years. Ferd's motto in life is 'whatever it takes to get by.'  He leads a hedonistic lifestyle but still manages to be shrewd with his monetary investments.  He has part ownership of a brothel in Amsterdam. 
Fred is planning on returning to France in disguise as his elderly mother has a terminal illness and he wants to go and see her before she dies.  Ferd is popular within the community that he lives. He appears to be a successful business person and does a lot for charities, especially for women who are the victims of domestic violence. This is because he grew with an abusive father who regularly beat his mother.  He is affable and without knowing his background and work, is always friendly and smiling.  He keeps himself physically fit because he doesn't want anyone to be able to beat him up like his mum beat up his dad.  

   
