Kenny Kramm full name being Kenneth Lee Kramm was an American entrepreneur who is best known for being the founder of FLAVORx which is a private company based in Columbia, Maryland, United States. This is a company that offers medicines of 18 paediatric flavours and 17 veterinary flavours and can apparently be found in 46,000 + pharmacies in the United States.
Kramm designed medication to be more palatable for consumption by taking away the bitterness adding sweetness and enhancing the flavour profile of the medicine.
In Kramms early days Kramm's youngest daughter began suffering epileptic seizures weeks after her birth in February 1992. Once she was able to be released from the hospital, she balked at the multiple daily doses of phenobarbital needed to prevent grand mal seizures, by either refusing to take the ill-tasting medicine or holding it in her mouth until it leaked out. Her seizures continued, resulting in more hospital trips. Within a few months, Kramm and his wife Shelley decided something had to be done.
In May 1992, Kramm's father, Harold, suggested sweetening the medicine with flavourings used by candy manufacturers. The men spent their evenings, after store hours, tasting different samples. Kramm then took home the flavoured medicine that he hoped his daughter would approve. She ultimately picked one and resumed her proper dosage. Parents from the nearby children's hospital heard about the flavouring and FLAVORx went into business soon after.
He graduated from the University of Maryland in 1984 with a degree in advertising design but developed a dislike for that role which led to a career in medicine

He contracted an infection that resulted in sepsis and cardiac arrest, said his wife, Shelley Kramm.......this was in 2016 and he died at the age of 55 years

The son of a pharmacist, Mr. Kramm grew up working at his family’s business, Centre Pharmacy in the Spring Valley neighbourhood of Washington. He had joined the operation as a business manager by 1992, when he and his wife had their second daughter, Hadley.
